Ok now lets implement the frontend of the Text area component.
The implementation should be close to the other input components, in particular the TextInput component.
Make sure to have the same design as in streamlit:
- the background of the text picker is light grey, same as the Text Input component - the border is the same color
- when focused, the border is orange of color --jt-theme-color
- when focused and the text has changed, at the bottom right a text "Press ⌘ + Enter to apply" appears. To be precise: for windows and Linux, its press "Ctrl + Enter" for Mac, it's "press ⌘ + Enter"
- when enter is  ⌘/Ctrl + Enter is pressed, the component is updated (a message is sent to the backend). Same as for the text input component but the combination of keys is not the same.
- when maxChars is set, a counter appears at the bottom right, eg 9/10 if maxChars=10 and the current text has 9 characters. If not set, no count of characters appear. Same as for the TextInput component.
- when the maximum number of characters is reached, for a 3 seconds the counter eg 10/10 should become orange --jt-theme-color and flash.
- if both "Press ⌘ + Enter to apply" and maxChars appear, they appear on the same line, as  "Press ⌘ + Enter to apply" • 9/10 ie there are separated by a bullet character. Same as for the TextInput component.
- the text area is resizable
- use a textarea html tag
- and of course consider the main field specification:
    fields:
    label: A short label explaining to the user what this input is for. Not Null
    value: The text value of this widget when it first renders. This will be cast to str internally. If null, will initialize empty and return null until the user provides input. Defaults to empty
    string.
    height: The height of the text area widget. This can be one of the following:
              None (default): The height of the widget fits three lines.
              "content": The height of the widget matches the height of its content.
              "stretch": The height of the widget matches the height of its content or the height of the parent container, whichever is larger. If the widget is not in a parent container, the height of the widget matches the height of its content.
              An integer specifying the height in pixels: The widget has a fixed height. If the content is larger than the specified height, scrolling is enabled.
              The widget's height can't be smaller than the height of two lines. When label_visibility="collapsed", the minimum height is 68 pixels. Otherwise, the minimum height is 98 pixels.
    max_chars: Max number of characters allowed in text input.
    key: An optional string or integer to use as the unique key for the widget. If this is omitted, a key will be generated for the widget based on its content. No two widgets may have the same key.
    help: A tooltip that gets displayed next to the widget label. Streamlit only displays the tooltip when label_visibility="visible". If this is None (default), no tooltip is displayed.
    on_change: An optional callback invoked when this text input's value changes.
    placeholder: An optional string displayed when the text input is empty. If None, no text is displayed.
    disabled: An optional boolean that disables the text input if set to True. The default is False.
    label_visibility: The visibility of the label. The default is "visible". If this is "hidden", Streamlit displays an empty spacer instead of the label, which can help keep the widget aligned with other widgets. If this is "collapsed", Streamlit displays no label or spacer.
    icon:

    An optional emoji or icon to display within the input field to the left of the value. If icon is None (default), no icon is displayed. If icon is a string, the following options are valid:

        A single-character emoji. For example, you can set icon="🚨" or icon="🔥". Emoji short codes are not supported.

        An icon from the Material Symbols library (rounded style) in the format ":material/icon_name:" where "icon_name" is the name of the icon in snake case.

        For example, icon=":material/thumb_up:" will display the Thumb Up icon. Find additional icons in the Material Symbols font library.

    width:

    The width of the text input widget. This can be one of the following:

        "stretch" (default): The width of the widget matches the width of the parent container.
        An integer specifying the width in pixels: The widget has a fixed width. If the specified width is greater than the width of the parent container, the width of the widget matches the width of
    the parent container.


Here are a few screenshots that may help.
